README.md, before:

# Community Characteristics

> This tool will score the form of an area based on Building Form, Business Activity and Community Activity. It allows for the comparison of scores to other similar geographies in the Report Card.  In development is the ability to dig down into key metrics that will improve the score of an area.

## Modules

> [Google Charts API](https://developers.google.com/chart/), [VueJS](https://vuejs.org/), [Vuex](https://github.com/vuejs/vuex), [Vue-Router](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router), [ArcGIS API](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/3/)

## Build Setup

``` bash
# install dependencies
npm install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
npm run dev

# build for production with minification
npm run build

# run unit tests
npm run unit

# run e2e tests
npm run e2e

# run all tests
npm test
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, checkout the [guide](http://vuejs-templates.github.io/webpack/) and [docs for vue-loader](http://vuejs.github.io/vue-loader).

Commit message:

updated readme with work plan

README.md, after:

# Community Characteristics

> This tool will score the form of an area based on Building Form, Business Activity and Community Activity. It allows for the comparison of scores to other similar geographies in the Report Card.  In development is the ability to dig down into key metrics that will improve the score of an area.

## Work Plan
> Upgrade app to Vue2
> Implement additional metrics and feature layers from GIS

## Modules

> [Google Charts API](https://developers.google.com/chart/), [VueJS](https://vuejs.org/), [Vuex](https://github.com/vuejs/vuex), [Vue-Router](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router), [ArcGIS API](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/3/)

## Build Setup

``` bash
# install dependencies
npm install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
npm run dev

# build for production with minification
npm run build

# run unit tests
npm run unit

# run e2e tests
npm run e2e

# run all tests
npm test
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, checkout the [guide](http://vuejs-templates.github.io/webpack/) and [docs for vue-loader](http://vuejs.github.io/vue-loader).
